docs: fix link in camera-management readme (#234)
edgexfoundry/edgex-examples: application-services/custom/camera-management/README.md

## General

> Visit the [EdgeX Documentation page](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-examples/blob/main/application-services/custom/camera-management/README.md) to learn more about the latest camera management example app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [EdgeX Documentation page](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/latest/examples/app-service-examples/camera-management/Ch-CameraManagement) to learn more about the latest camera management example app.
```

Author: Oops, my bad
